Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Justin’s iPhone X: Hello.
Shawn Phalen: How are you
Justin’s iPhone X: I'm doing well, how are you good
Shawn Phalen: Are you self before you isolating quarantine.
Yes.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, it's daylight eight now and self quarantine and it's been
Justin’s iPhone X: Quite an eight days.
Shawn Phalen: What are you doing,
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, so I why work. So we're working from home.
Justin’s iPhone X: I do sales. Yeah. So I've been working from home and hanging out with us and
Justin’s iPhone X: going for walks a lot of walks and yeah
Shawn Phalen: When do you guys get to go back to work there, like in another two weeks.
Justin’s iPhone X: On know so my work, give us so we're until April 30
Justin’s iPhone X: OK, so the end of the month. Yeah. So okay, so you have any like what another week this week, no April 30
Shawn Phalen: Oh my god.
Justin’s iPhone X: April. Yeah, April 30 yeah not in March or April. Yeah. So we have like five weeks.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: And a lot of my friends have the same thing. So
Justin’s iPhone X: I don't know. I guess it's better than like being, you know, in a
Justin’s iPhone X: Having or dying or being in the hospital. I guess I don't know what the alternative thing is, but
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, that's crazy.
Okay.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Right at least are still working and
Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah. On the bright side right yeah my other friends, you know, or were one of my friends is about to get laid off. You think so yeah it's better to be working then not be, you know,
Justin’s iPhone X: That's still sucks.
Shawn Phalen: Um, okay. So I'm wondering the therapist that bright heart and this appointment is just for me to gather some background information.
Shawn Phalen: That you might have been asked before. And so, um, you know, it's basically like, you know, giving me how long you've been at bright heart what brought you to bright heart, you know, that kind of stuff.
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay.
And then
Shawn Phalen: I also offer individual therapy. So if you feel like that's something that you want to take advantage of.
Justin’s iPhone X: You can do that, but we just have to go through this these questions first. Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: Tell me, how long have you been with bright heart.
Justin’s iPhone X: Um, so I've been with bright heart health for about six months now.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so, Tommy, what what I see you're on the Suboxone
Justin’s iPhone X: So I'm on Suboxone um yeah so I was two years yeah like I had, I don't even know where to begin. But yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: So I had struggled with or I will. I mean what started it was originally Norco that I started taking
Justin’s iPhone X: That was like an every, you know, every couple weekend. Relax, kind of thing. And I did that for like four or five years and then things got in my life became really stressful and there were like a lot of stressful things going on and
Justin’s iPhone X: Really without realizing it. I started taking like axes. And then I became addicted doc sees and then it became like taking a lot of boxes a day.
Justin’s iPhone X: And more than I could afford. And then I started doing shitty things and I went to rehab for like two years on and off and my disability was running out and I knew I had to get my shit together. So I went to like a rehab in Florida.
Justin’s iPhone X: Got off Suboxone got off everything and then when I came back I like automatically relapsed and
Justin’s iPhone X: Then I got on Suboxone again and through bright heart health. Okay. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: How many residential treatment centers. Have you been to
Justin’s iPhone X: Like eight or nine. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So what, how old were you when you started taking Narcos
Justin’s iPhone X: I'd say probably 18 okay
Shawn Phalen: So how many years, often on have you been using
Justin’s iPhone X: Um, probably for the last, like,
Justin’s iPhone X: 10, I would say, I'm like 32 so yeah 10
Pretty
Consistently using
Justin’s iPhone X: Um, yeah, I mean, not now. I'm not. But like, Yeah, I was. OK.
Shawn Phalen: And how's the Suboxone working helping
Justin’s iPhone X: It helps really well. Like, I'm pretty stable. Um, yeah, you know, I have
Justin’s iPhone X: A you know I mean I have like a hard days like any any person, but, um, you know, I was working a really like rigid program. I was like a and that was a little too rigid for me. And I did that really strictly for about, like,
Justin’s iPhone X: Six months. And it just didn't work for me. It was too hard, and it was too boring and it was to like every so then I got started working and I really haven't been working a program. And I've had like like incidents where I drink.
Justin’s iPhone X: And we're I've done like a line of cocaine, but like, I think, aside from that things have been pretty good and pretty stable.
Shawn Phalen: Is your job stressful.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, I do sales. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Right. And, um, how long have you had this job.
Justin’s iPhone X: Since August
Okay.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And had. Okay. Were you having trouble keeping a job, you know, just because if you use
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, for sure. Like when I was not on Suboxone I could not keep the job I would get fired for like either not showing up or for doing like for being crazy at work or like doing crazy things. I mean, like, Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: And so, Have you always done sales. Is that coming your deal
Justin’s iPhone X: Um, yeah, I mean not always like a before that I did like I worked in restaurants and then I went to school and then I like right before I got this last job.
Justin’s iPhone X: Before like because this is a full time job and before that I was doing like Instacart like grocery delivery and train that but that's really stressful to
Justin’s iPhone X: Like you know making all your paying all your bills off of something like that and you're not guaranteed shifts and then you have to work tons of hours to make enough money. And that's not even sometimes enough and then like that's a whole different stress.
Shawn Phalen: Can you. Is there any way you can hold your phone like is her. Do you have yeah cuz I'm when it moves around then my
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, no worries, makes me sick. Oh, no worries. Sorry about that.
Shawn Phalen: Um, so
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay, so we sit down, actually, and put my phone on my thing really quick, just somebody like
Justin’s iPhone X: That way, so it's not moving and stuff.
Justin’s iPhone X: Right here, this might work.
Justin’s iPhone X: Better
Justin’s iPhone X: Much. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, cool. Okay, so, um,
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Are you doing the groups, then you're doing the groups who
Justin’s iPhone X: I do the groups. Yeah. And I mean, I still have friends that are in recovery and I have a therapist that I go to every Monday.
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay, but it's kind of a struggle. Just because I have to physically go there and she started just because of this coven 19 thing I've started doing telemedicine with her, which works a lot better, but
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, yeah, I just like, I don't know, I, life is pretty good right now for me. Okay, good. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Um, okay. So what about like family history of addiction. Is there any
Justin’s iPhone X: Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, like both all interactive alcoholics functioning alcoholics, um, they have drink. I can't remember when I was a kid, if they drink like my mom.
Justin’s iPhone X: I tend to think that like she provided a good household, but like I don't think she did probably um
Justin’s iPhone X: And they like, I mean just the other night I was talking to her, and she can even talk. So, but she gets up and goes to work every day really
Justin’s iPhone X: We tried to have interventions, before I had a problem like her before I told everyone I had a problem. We tried to help her, and she did don't want anything about up about it. Or like any help. Okay, so guys drinking still two
Justin’s iPhone X: Dads drinking too. And he's kind of like he's just not consistent. He's like there. Sometimes, but not there, others and
Justin’s iPhone X: He was kind of an asshole have a dad that's where I think I get a lot of my addiction issues from are my issues. I'm not blaming him, but like, that's where I think they stem from
And what about siblings you have any siblings.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, I have a sister. She's or 20 she's 34 she's two years older than me. And she has two kids and a husband and she doesn't only have addiction issues, but she definitely has ish like you know she's but they have a good life. They got going on. They just get a better marriage shoes.
Justin’s iPhone X: Shitty yeah
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, they're like, like, like she likes this guy in her office and like they kind of had this not sexual fleeing but like flirting thing and I don't know exactly. All the dynamics, but
Justin’s iPhone X: Her husband has like was in Iraq and has a lot of PTSD issues. And so he's controlling and like goes through all of her shit when she wasn't even doing anything which makes you want to do stuff. So it's, yeah. Okay.
Um, any depression experiencing anything any depression.
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, like I think my biggest issue right now is like going to work with us. It wasn't your question, but no, no depression. Okay. In the past we had depression.
Justin’s iPhone X: I don't think so. You know, like I had loads of like feeling like, oh, I'm an addict and
Justin’s iPhone X: That sucks. When I think about it, just like what the stigma is and what that means.
Justin’s iPhone X: Um,
Justin’s iPhone X: But
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So you would know if you had depression. So, you know,
Justin’s iPhone X: Don't think some any anxiety. It's experiencing anxiety at all. Yeah, a lot of anxiety. Okay, social anxiety or just anxiety in general.
Justin’s iPhone X: Social anxiety, more so around like my addiction and like because like at work. I'm not. I don't talk my
Justin’s iPhone X: Like when I was even going to like a program like before I started work like they told me never to tell people at work that you're an addict, because then you're labeled as that.
Justin’s iPhone X: And so like I went into work and now I've worked in been pretty successful at work, but like no one knows that I've had issues. And so, it causes a lot of
Justin’s iPhone X: bad situations or awkward situations when like I can tell, something's not good for me to be around. And then I can't. But then it's like a bunch of guys and like, why don't you want to be here and you know it just like that causes social anxiety for me.
Shawn Phalen: What do you say, What do you tell them
Justin’s iPhone X: Um, you know, honestly, I feel like it leads to this mysterious factor about me, like, Oh, well, Justin, you know, you know, like, I mean, I went out with them. And I've drank but like I just can't go out and like a bender like I have to like have limits for myself and
Justin’s iPhone X: I don't know. I think a lot of them have addiction issues themselves, you know. Yeah, uh,
Justin’s iPhone X: But yeah, I definitely feel like there is, you know, I haven't been able to connect with anyone really completely authentically because I haven't been able to disclose that
Justin’s iPhone X: And so it makes me think that maybe I'm not looking for friends in the right places.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, are you working with your therapist on that.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, so it was interesting considering she started talking about, we started talking about that scimitar at lunch today.
Justin’s iPhone X: And, you know, she was saying, Maybe I could try a different program like a not a but one of the other ones that are like
Justin’s iPhone X: And then I said, Oh, yeah. Well, I thought about going to them, but like right now. I don't really have a lot of time extra time and she's like, well, you don't really have to go there, like we could work a program together and you know
Justin’s iPhone X: I guess that's what she meant I don't. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: Because we were talking about more so like there was a situation, whereas the weekend before last, with a couple of my co workers.
Justin’s iPhone X: And we were at his house. We were drinking and then they like brought out cocaine and then I did like a bump of cocaine and then I was like, This is too much for me. And they wanted to go out
Justin’s iPhone X: And like had go rage and so I ended up going home. And it was kind of weird because it was like in the middle of the day.
Justin’s iPhone X: And she was asking me, like why I wanted to go home and I said, because like my body told me like I shouldn't go and I had like flashbacks of, like, what's happened before. If I when I have gone against my own
Justin’s iPhone X: I don't know intuition or something or feelings. Um, and she's like, Well, that's good. But, you know, we really want to
Justin’s iPhone X: I guess she was saying that like you can
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, you can.
Justin’s iPhone X: Like that is your own like sponsor, per se, like your own feeling like when your body says your mind tells you know like
Justin’s iPhone X: Sometimes your mind. You can talk yourself out of but your body. Most of the time, I don't know. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: It's really being in touch with what
Shawn Phalen: Like
Shawn Phalen: Physically in your body what you're feeling. So typically what happens is that people addiction. What happens is that you're, you're kind of cut off from the neck down
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so your mind is always going to tell you go us go us go us. But once you integrate your mind and your body and how you're feeling your body's gonna say, oh,
Shawn Phalen: This isn't going to be a good thing. So you might feel it like in your chest, you might get really tight chest your stomach might hurt you might get a headache.
Shawn Phalen: You're going to all the alarm bells will go off for you physically. So the fact that that happened for us a really good sign. That means that you're starting to
Shawn Phalen: That you you are able to use your intuition and
Justin’s iPhone X: You're able to feel in your body, what isn't.
Justin’s iPhone X: And that's, that's a really good thing. So I told her, that's like my chess I've. She's like, Well, what does it feel like, and it was like, What do you mean it's just like, like in your body. Like, what does it physically feel like, and I was like, well, when likes something
Justin’s iPhone X: Bad or I'm about to make a bad decision. Like I feel like there's a bunch of bricks on my chest. Like, I can't breathe, like I'm being suffocated almost like
Justin’s iPhone X: And it's almost like flight or fight and then I have to get out of that situation. I'm so weird, like I'm getting emotional about just thinking about it, but um yeah it's it's crazy. Um, but at the same time that same feeling has not that feeling, but my mental I think has kept like
Justin’s iPhone X: I don't know how long our time is I don't take up your whole night but um yeah
Justin’s iPhone X: When
Justin’s iPhone X: When I sometimes when I was first starting to work. I would get. And I was on such like a tight rein of what how I trusted myself.
Justin’s iPhone X: I would say no. A lot to a lot of things like, oh, do you want to go have lunch with me some random person. And I'd say no because I wasn't trusting of like what would happen, or what you know who the, I don't know, it's just like skeptical of everything I'm
Justin’s iPhone X: And I think it sometimes you could be to, like, Yeah, I had to loosen up a little to in order to meet friends or two. Um so yeah I guess this is just something that I've like
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, always trying to figure out, like, should I be, you know, I also date, guys. And so, like, should I be on like grinder on a nap looking for to hook up. Is that a good place for me because I used to do that and used to use drugs, all the time. And like really also not the best place.
Justin’s iPhone X: Right, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Do you have any server friends. Do you have friends that don't use it all.
Justin’s iPhone X: I do, but they're like, so I had a lot of them.
Justin’s iPhone X: And because I've started working. I've lost I it's interesting that we're talking right now because like
Justin’s iPhone X: A lot of them re emerged in my life, like my one of my friends, Emily. She just has been texting me a lot lately saying like, how are you, and I don't know how to I've haven't hung out with her like in a month because
Justin’s iPhone X: You know i just i and she's not working in program either, so I don't know why I'm like scared hang out with her, but I just like, feel like I'm mixing lives are like
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, I don't want to lie to her and act like I'm like haven't drank or at the same time, not, not a big drinker. So it's not, you know, I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: You know, this is sort of what what what's happening here is very normal.
Justin’s iPhone X: Hmm, your, your
Shawn Phalen: Your you're doing the, you know, you're, you're committing to leading a healthy
Justin’s iPhone X: Sober clean life. Mm hmm. And with that.
Shawn Phalen: Comes a lot of people will leave your belief there at out of your life. Other people will come back in others will re emerge and it's about being able to trust yourself and know which people are the right people for you because where you early sobriety is a very
You have to have a lot of respect for it.
Justin’s iPhone X: For your addiction and where it can take you again. So it's this period of being
Shawn Phalen: Very, very choosy about who you lead, lead in your life and the people that you surround yourself with. And, you know, you're
Shawn Phalen: Going to be very well served to hang out with
Justin’s iPhone X: Us.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, cuz I found you know like a lot of people like every emerged from my life before
Justin’s iPhone X: And I know that I don't connect with a lot of them now, like a when even went out with a couple of my old best friends that don't necessarily like
Justin’s iPhone X: Do tons of drugs but drink a lot and like just things that I used to do like go out to the I live in San Francisco, like, go to the Castro. I've done that a couple times and it's just not
Justin’s iPhone X: For me, like that's not my scene. It's not where I want to meet anyone. It's not worried. I, I almost get like anxious being there.
Justin’s iPhone X: And it's fun. Once in a while, but like I just not where I want to be. Now in my life. Right. And so sometimes it also happens is that the people that you, you know, we're friends with and partied with, uh huh, you're clean and sober. You have nothing in common with them. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: reevaluating, a lot of those friendships going okay, is this person. Interesting. Okay, so I'm dead ass, sober and clean, it's, I don't have anything in common with this person, are they. Interesting. Why do I like to be with them. Are they uplifting. What do I admire.
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, there's all these quite yeah very asking yourself about, okay, why am I met with this person. And that goes for dating to, you know, it's like
Shawn Phalen: You know, being careful about, okay, if I'm just dating today. All right, I got to be careful about who I'm dating, just to date.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So it's about really being aware of but situations. You're putting herself in and you know look at San Francisco. That's a party town.
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, yeah. And you know in your age group and all of that stuff in me. I think it's, it can be a little bit challenging to find people that are authentic and don't use. I mean, you're in a big city. Right.
Justin’s iPhone X: And you know what's really weird is like when I go
Justin’s iPhone X: And like, like when I was meeting people in the rooms. I got really insecure like really insecure. For some reason I first thought. It's funny now that I can think I can like
Justin’s iPhone X: Explain this or I'm just not processing it, but at the time I thought it was like, oh, everyone wants to sleep with me. But actually, in hindsight, it was more so I felt really insecure, like I did not feel like I
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, I didn't even know you know my own name. I felt like or yeah
Shawn Phalen: And that's also common in early sobriety to and especially when you're in the rooms and you're in a or a na or whatever you're in, you know, it feels very wrong. It feels very exposing
And some people just have a very difficult time with that and it's not for everybody, but you have to find something that works for you. So if it's not a meeting.
It's finding something that you're really passionate about that can keep you clean and sober.
You know, whether that's higher power that's being out in nature, whether that's meditation, yoga.
Justin’s iPhone X: You know there's I need that. Yeah, I'm missing something that I and you just put like you just nailed it, like I'm missing something that I feel very passionate about.
Justin’s iPhone X: And my job, like I used to do this when I always like using all the time. And like I'm
Justin’s iPhone X: In the last couple weeks I've been really successful in doing really well, but like, it's not fulfilling to me like a
Justin’s iPhone X: I'm like, Yeah, this is great and all this acclaim is great. Like at work. You know, like, because it's sales and like, that's how it is. But like, it's just not I have this void of like something that like I'm passionate about. Right. So because
Shawn Phalen: You know, our work life is just one. It's one component of who we are. So, you know, as humans, you know, there we have work we have family. We have friends. We have hobbies, you know, we have to have our likes you know something that we that we're passionate about.
Justin’s iPhone X: To feel
Shawn Phalen: The other you know that to kind of fill the voids that are created just because we're human, you know,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. And so, you know, it's really about trying to discover, like, Okay, what do I want to do. Do I want to learn something, do I want to pick up something like a whatever I don't know, a new sport something
Justin’s iPhone X: Do you think like, do you think like throwing your because, I mean, this is really kind of where I'm at, like, I really just like because I live in SF and I feel like I'm a smart guy, and like
Justin’s iPhone X: I kind of want to go create a startup, but like I feel like that might be too risky for someone that's in early recovery to like
Justin’s iPhone X: You know, I'd be throwing the only stable thing I have right now will know I have two things like my job is pretty stable and it has been but it hasn't been a long time. It hasn't been like a year to
Justin’s iPhone X: Um, to like go throw that away and then like, do some, like, you know, how do you feel about that I'd be careful about
Shawn Phalen: That what I would do is if you want to start do a startup. You do it while you have a full time job.
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay, like you, you
Shawn Phalen: Figure out a way to work on it after work on the weekends, you know, do because what happens. And this is just for anybody that's not even in recovery, you know, walking away from a job that you're doing really well.
Shawn Phalen: And then just kind of walking away from that to start a startup is a really stressful thing.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, stressful. So I agree, financially, it's just emotionally. But I mean, research, you know, if you want to do something, figure out how to do it.
Shawn Phalen: Figure out how to do it with the full time job though until you can kind of segue into doing whatever that is.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So many people do that.
Shawn Phalen: A lot of people have
Justin’s iPhone X: A lot of people have side hustlers or their, you know,
Justin’s iPhone X: Their yeah
Shawn Phalen: Artist or their design or something like that, you know, there's all kinds of things you can do to think of it in terms of that.
Justin’s iPhone X: And I just want to like give back and help people and like I feel like my job is not that very much like that at all. And it makes good money and I in the in time, it could be really successful and make you know
Justin’s iPhone X: You will like it's just not fulfilling to me. I feel like I need something that is like
Justin’s iPhone X: The fills that like void of being yeah just doing something that you love and you're passionate about and yeah
Shawn Phalen: Where do. Where do you work. What company are you working for
Justin’s iPhone X: So I worked for a company called try net and we basically sell like health benefits at HR payroll to startups in the Bay Area.
Justin’s iPhone X: So I've learned a lot about it and it's really cool but like I really like I see all the situations that I'm in like I'm I'm make good money, but I have shitty credit and I've been evicted.
Justin’s iPhone X: And, you know, so like, then there's really no solution for that. Like, I can't get a checking account because I've defrauded banks before to get pills and so like I have all these problems. And I realized that there's no solutions for them. And there's probably could be solutions for them.
Justin’s iPhone X: But you know, I also don't want to bite off more than I can chew either and like I have to be realistic about where I'm at, you know, right.
Shawn Phalen: So right now, look at it as your sobriety comes first, first and foremost, that is the number one thing
Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: And you've been clean for six months, you said about like, well, I mean, from drinking now but yeah like off pills and drugs. Yeah, like, eight months. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So, you know, wanted to re evaluate that around the year mark.
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay, thanks.
Shawn Phalen: You know, do your research that you know just but just remember that your sobriety has got to come first.
Justin’s iPhone X: So you think I should like shift from like I like just no drinking, none of that. Do you think that's like
Justin’s iPhone X: The real sobriety.
Justin’s iPhone X: I mean certainly can, like drinking every day or anything like that but like even like once a month it but like in a concert. It's just like a risky. You know, it's a risk.
Shawn Phalen: It's a risk because it can take you back to where you were.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so that's always got to be in the back your mind. Yeah. Alcohol might not have been your meal or your
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, yeah. You know, it's always a possibility that it could be. And then you start creeping back to doing pills and then things start. Yeah, then you know it's kind of like this progressive. Oh, now you're back in the basement. Again, you got it. Yeah. So, for sure. Um, so
Shawn Phalen: Do you have any legal issues from
Justin’s iPhone X: Your huh. Okay. And are you dealing with that stuff now yeah like I have. I have. I had a lot like I had a lot of debt. I had a lot. I had someone suing me like an ex of mine. And then I had tons of tax debt as well. So I have like filed bankruptcy and I
Justin’s iPhone X: Have my ex suing me about like some fraud stuff, which is kind of a big deal. And because it's like 150 grand
Justin’s iPhone X: I'm so I'm looking for an attorney right now. And so I just emailed one. So, like, I'm working on that. And then I'm also submitted an offer and compromise to the IRS.
Justin’s iPhone X: And they said they'd get back to me by me so like the ducks are in the row but like I feel like you know like things at work. A really great, but then like I have these things on the back burner that are like
Justin’s iPhone X: And I just had to be very conscious of that because that can easily throw me into like excuses for why I could like I deserve to like go party and you know because that's really what my natural thing is, yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, you're gonna have to watch that yeah and and so
Shawn Phalen: Whatever you're just doing is you're just kind of work your way out of this situation. So if you keep working. If you keep doing what you're supposed to be doing. Honestly, like if you can stay clean and sober all of this stuff has a way of working itself out.
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay work and you have to stay clean so much work it is
Justin’s iPhone X: But there's so much work.
Justin’s iPhone X: So long. I feel like I've been doing this forever.
Shawn Phalen: But think about, think about how much work you put into using
Justin’s iPhone X: Went into finding
Justin’s iPhone X: And shading and some money for pills and all that shit that happened.
Shawn Phalen: Think about if you take that energy and work and put it into the like a row that you want to be on like upon the positive side, you were, you were in the negative there.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, you're, you know, you're in the positive now and you want to keep going in that direction. So if you take that
Shawn Phalen: Energy and put it into the like just working your ass off.
Justin’s iPhone X: To stake. Yeah, for sure.
Shawn Phalen: Think of all the stuff that could really happen.
Shawn Phalen: So yeah, so that you know it really watch, you know, I call it you know you don't want to get the efforts like okay, everything is just so terrible. I'm just going to go ahead and use
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, more things are going really well. And I'm going to go us, you know,
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Celebrate how great I've been doing
Justin’s iPhone X: So yeah, that trap. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: And then one last question I have for us, like so. What do you think, what is your outlook on long term Suboxone like or
Shawn Phalen: I think that somebody anybody that's on Suboxone as long as they need it. They should stay on it.
Justin’s iPhone X: And they got the box and helps people tremendously like you want to be able to lead a life that you know of honesty, integrity, you're working. You're not reaching people. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: You know, like you want you want a life here, right.
Justin’s iPhone X: Yeah, and so
Shawn Phalen: You know there are some people I know that are on Suboxone they've been on it eight 910 years and you can you can reduce your dose.
Justin’s iPhone X: Mm hmm. If you want to that something you want to talk to your doctor about. But, you know, not right now yeah like something that is
Justin’s iPhone X: You know you can do at some point. So try not to get too hung up on it, your own box right now stay on it is working. Don't over. Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone X: My, my big family just doesn't know which that's a whole nother discussion, but they hate it because I tried it before and then I abused it and then
Justin’s iPhone X: I mean it's I don't abuse it now but like they would never know that. And so I just liked them because it's easier than battling it. Um, but it's really given me what I have. So I just wondered to your opinion. Yeah. Don't overthink it. Don't sweat it. Okay.
Justin’s iPhone X: Just keep doing what you're doing. OK. OK. And then if my therapist for some reason doesn't work out, because we're in that testing phase of, like, you know, so what what I just do contact prior health and I could schedule with you. Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. So
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, it's always available to you. So if you're feeling like you know you're not connecting whatever's going on, just let us know.
Justin’s iPhone X: Okay, an appointment. Thank you so much on
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. Hey, take care. Keep working
Justin’s iPhone X: Thank you very much a good conversation was nice meeting you. Have a good night. Bye bye.